Jeep has a long and proud tradition of
blazing new trails and for 2015 the
brand is expanding its portfolio into
uncharted territory with its first ever
small SUV the renegade sharing basic
architecture but little else with the
Fiat 500x crossover the renegade was
designed and engineered in the US but is
being built in Italy Brazil and China
four markets worldwide available in
front or four-wheel drive renegade
powertrain options are limited to a 160
horse 1.4 liter turbo 4 with a 6-speed
manual or a 2.4 liter 4 with a 9 speed
auto and 180 horses both engine combos
will deliver 30 miles per gallon highway
true to its jeep name renegade will
offer best-in-class
off-road ability with a trail rated
trailhawk model featuring a full eight
inches of ground clearance
19-inch boarding depth and jeeps active
drive low range and select terrain
system as well as hill descent control 2
optional my sky roof panel systems can
slide open or be removed completely for
true open-air motoring renegades
aggressive looks smart packaging and
great road manners should appeal to
young adventures and old trail hands
alike prices begin at eighteen thousand
nine hundred and ninety dollars and a
fully optioned model will go for around
thirty two thousand when it hits dealer
Lots in early more
keep it locked to motorWeek for a full
road test coming soon
you